Look at Brother An, there are more and more people
Your clothes are almost gone.
Sooner or later
The traffic is just right, and I'm curious about the right one to start with.
Make a fool of yourself
I'd like to see what tricks you can come up with
Wow, it looks good.
I've never seen this dress before
Yes!
Can the lady boss also buy this beautiful dress?
These are the new products launched by our store.
It was designed and made by myself
Guarantee that the entire Rongcheng is unique
The unit price is 50 yuan, and there are only 10 pieces of each style.
So, everybody.
first come first served
50 bucks is so expensive
What about stealing money? Hey, the price is not low.
But you can group buying
What is group buying?
Here we go.
Group buying is to invite you around the same
Friends who like this skirt
Buy together
If you form a group of 3
It will be 35 yuan per person, if you form a group of 5.
25 yuan a piece, if you spell it into a group of 10 people
That would be awesome
pick beauty
10 yuan a piece, 10 yuan a piece.
10 yuan a piece, real or fake.
That's fake
My shop is right here
If you don't cash in
Please come and smash my store
Brother An, do you listen to my group buying?
This house can become
He said it can be achieved
What is unique
As far as your dress is grotesque, it doesn't look like it.
How ugly it is to wear a body designation
Who would buy it?
That makes sense.
We have never worn such clothes.
That being the case
Then I'll try it for you myself